All right, so now I've got all
of these heading sizes set up,
what do I need to do now?
I need to apply it to the webpage right.
Okay, so
I'm gonna give you two minutes, and
I want you to write the font sizes for
these headings.
You've seen this enough now, you should
be able to take patterns that you've seen
before with some of our other variables,
and write out some font sizes for
our headings, so go ahead and do that now.
What you should have now in your CSS
is you should have all of our headings.
Remember these are the HTML
element heading tags so,
we don't need a dot in front of them,
we use dots for classes.
This is our HTML elements, H1,
2, 3, 4, et cetera, et cetera.
And then we're going to use the font size
property to set up with the variable name,
okay, so we have our heading 1,
2, 3, 4, 5.
Now, that seems like a lot of work,
we could have just typed in numbers for
these font sizes.
So let me show you where
the power is with this approach,
if we go back on up here to the top
where we have our base font size,
if instead of 1 rem,
we set it to say 1.3 rems.
Look at how all of our fonts scale all
together with one tiny little change,
okay.
So if our boss comes back to you and
says, nice website Jen,
but I can't read it,
you need to make the fonts bigger.
Then you go, okay, well it's gonna take me
all day, you make the little change and
then you can go run off to
the beach in the afternoon, okay.
The other approach here, of course is,
you can change your scale,
right, so that the difference
in sizes between these headings.
So right now,
our scale is 1.2 and little bit,
pretty close in size,
what if we made it 1.4?
Okay, so 1.4 is gonna make these radically
different insights, makes sense?
And this is of course,
completely subjective and
up to your designer as to what is
the relationship between the sizes
of these headings for
the kind of design that you're using.
Generally speaking, I find that
1.2 is one that people use a lot,
1.25 is another one, that gives you a
little bit of extra spacing between those,
but not a radical amount
of spacing between those.
Make sense?
All right, so a lot of typing,
worth the work, all right.